estigmene acrea
meligethes aeneus
eupoecilia ambiguella
uroleucon ambrosiae
eurytoma amygdali
orosius argentus
helicoverpa armigera
aonidiella aurantii
toxoptera aurantii
forficula auricularia
sitobion avenae
eutetranychus banksi
diabrotica barberi
flea beetles
lobesia botrana
halticus bractatus
brevicoryne brassicae
pieris brassicae
trigonotylus caelestialium
ceratitis capitata
myzus cerasi
rhagoletis cerasi
cephus cinctus
phyllocnistic citrella
panonychus citri
planococcus citri
leucoptera coffeella
copitarsia consueta
aphis craccivora
metopholophium dihrodum
creonitades dilutus
creontiades dilutus
metopolophium dirhodum
capitophorus elaeagni
eucarazzia elegans
petrusa epilepsis
lipaphis erysimi
macrosiphum euphorbiae
spodoptera exigua
aphis fabae
empoasca fabae
calamobius filum
scaptomyza flava
hyadaphis foeniculi
paria fragariae
systena frontalis
busseola fusca
stelidota geminata
habrochila ghesquierei
aphis glycines
cryptoblabes gnidiella
pectinophora gossypiella
aphis gossypii
schizaphis graminun
hypothenemus hampei
lygus hesperus
acrosternum hilare
bagrada hilaris
liriomyza huidobrensis
thrips imaginus
earias insulana
rhabdopterus jansoni
popillia japonica
acyrthosiphon kondoi
hyperomyzus lactucae
thaumatotibia leucotreta
campylomma liebknechti
lygus lineolaris
adelphocoris lineolatus
spodoptera littoralis
deudorix livia
oxycarenus loctosus
mythimna loreyi
rhopalosiphum maidis
sipha maydis
oulema melanopus
leucoptera meyricki
parabemisia myricae
trichoplusia ni
ostrinia nubilalis
frankliniella occidentalis
aceria oleae
bactrocera oleae
prays oleae
euphyllura olivina
creontiades pacificus
rhopalosiphum padi
javasella pellucida
myzus persicae
acyrthosiphon pisum
hypera postica
delia radicum
nasonovia ribisnigri
stenotus rubrovittatus
rhopalosipum rufiabdominalis
solenopsis saevissima
liriomyza sativae
frankliniella schultzei
anthonomus signatus
ophiomyia simplex
tecia solanivora
helopeltis sulawesi
premnotrypes suturicallus
bemisia tabaci
thrips tabaci
aphodius tasmaniae
amrasca terraereginae
therioaphis trifolii
cerotoma trifurcata
copitarsia turbata
diabrotica undecimpunctata
monosteria unicostata
aliticini
aphididae
aphidoidea
austroasca
chaetocnema
curculionidae
diabrotica
frankliniella
lepidoptera
liriomyza
lygus
melanoplinae
myodocha
oecanthinae
oedipodinae
oulema
piezodorus
pterohelaeus
rhizoglyphus
riviella
tetranychus urticae
trialeurodes vaporariorum
nysius vinitor
diabrotica virgifera
austroasca viridigrisea
coccus viridis
nezara viridula
calepitrimerus vitis
acalymma vittatum
plutella xylostella
helicoverpa zea
auchenorrhyncha
carpophilus
cicadellidae
deraeocoris
euschistus
helicoverpa