thraupis abbas
mangora acalifa
mangora acalypha
walckenaeria acuminata
neoscona adianta
troglodytes aedon
amara aenea
philonthus aeneipennis
bembidion aeneum
notiophilus aesthuans
notiophilus aestuans
euphonia affinis
harpalus affinis
meioneta affinis
tiphia agilis
pachyramphus aglaiae
synuchus agonus
oedothorax agrestis
pardosa agrestis
pardosa agricola
motacilla alba
nyctidromus albicollis
empidonax albigularis
aulonia albimana
technomyrmex albipes
empidonax alnorum
pardosa alticola
hypsipetes amaurotis
bembidion ambiguum
calathus ambiguus
macropygia amboinensis
pardosa amentata
nabis americoferus
amischa analis
gyrohypnus angustatus
dinaraea angustula
pterostichus anthracinus
walckenaeria antica
campsomeriella anulata
harpalus anxius
aphidoletes aphidimyza
pachycondyla apicalis
oedothorax apicatus
amara apricaria
himacerus apterus
notiophilus aquaticus
plagiognathus arbustorum
ophonus ardosiacus
calosoma argentinae
robertus arundineti
carabus arvensis
nectarinia aspasia
agonum assimile
limodromus assimilis
patrobus assimilis
platynus assimilis
abax ater
acrotona aterima
pterostichus aterrimus
erigone atra
harpalus atratus
demetrias atricapillus
saltator atriceps
zosterops atrifrons
anthobium atrocephalum
patrobus atrorufus
walckenaeria atrotibialis
harpalus attenuatus
xysticus audax
xantholinus audrasi
amara aulica
catharus aurantiirostris
carabus auratus
dicaeum aureolimbatum
forficula auricularia
melanerpes aurifrons
pycnonotus aurigaster
seiurus aurocapilla
seiurus aurocapillus
carabus auronitens
paratrechina auropuctata
wasmannia auropunctata
calosoma auropunctatum
phoenicurus auroreus
catadromas australis
paratrechina austroccidua
harmonia axyridis
pheidole azul
hypothymis azurea
ophonus azureus
dolycoris baccarum
laemostenus baeticus
episyrphus balteatus
diabrotica barberi
cephalotes basalis
dicranolaius bellulus
centropus bengalensis
amazilia beryllina
teropha besti
melozone biarcuata
closterotomus biclacatus
centromerita bicolor
scymnus bicolor
piranga bidentata
amara bifrons
hyperaspis bigeminata
bembidion biguttatum
notiophilus biguttatus
aleochara bilineata
theridion bimaculatum
mycetoporus bimaculatus
anisodactylus binotactaus
hyperaspis binotata
anisodactylus binotatus
thyreosthenius biovatus
adalia bipunctata
aleochara bipustulata
badister bipustulatus
pseudomyrmex boopis
oxypoda brachyptera
nebria brevicollis
aleochara brevipennis
ceratinella brevipes
rhynchocyclus brevirostris
ceratinella brevis
nabis brevis
centromerus brevivulvatus
plataraea brunnea
acupalpus brunnipes
lanius bucephalus
platytarus bufo
badister bullatus
harpalus bungii
passerina caerulea
polioptila caerulea
falagria caesa
phaenicophaeus calyorhynchus
cicindela campestris
drusilla canaliculata
carabus cancellatum
carabus cancellatus
manacus candei
camponotus canescens
cuculus canorus
picus canus
dixus capito
harpalus capito
cychrus caraboides
larra carbonaria
rodolia cardinalis
crematogaster carinata
chrysoperla carnea
dumetella carolinensis
hirundapus caudacutus
piaya cayana
atheta celata
trichastoma celebense
dicaeum celebicum
broscus cephalotes
harpalus chalcentus
nebria chinensis
oriolus chinensis
elvira chionura
halcyon chloris
zosterops chloris
thryreocephalus chloropterus
chlaenius chrysocephalus
tachyporus chrysomelinus
vermivora chrysoptera
cicurina cicur
calathus cinctus
sturnus cineraceus
motacilla cinerea
oncostoma cinereigulare
todirostrum cinereum
contopus cinereus
bolitobius cingulatus
emberiza cioides
passerina ciris
stenus clavicornis
pachygnatha clercki
labidus coecus
saltator coerulescens
philonthus cognatus
clivina collaris
archilochus colubris
archilocus colubris
amara communis
diplostyla concolor
harmonia conformis
amara congrua
arremonops conirostris
eriopis connexa
polistichus connexus
heliomaster constantii
amara consularis
hippodamia convergens
amara convexior
porrhomma convexum
carabus convexus
hister coprophilus
trigonognatha coreana
nebria coreica
cambalida coriacea
carabus coriaceus
walckenaeria corniculans
sintula corniger
platystethus cornotus
larinioides cornutus
eupeodes corollae
harpalus corporosus
ellychnia corrusca
microlestes corticalis
carpelimus corticinus
sporophila corvina
atheta crassicornis
poecilus crenulatus
brachinus crepitans
diplocephalus cristatus
lanius cristatus
xysticus cristatus
bembidion cruciatum
basileuterus culicivorus
alopecosa cuneata
harpalus cupreus
poecilus cupreus
pterostichus cupreus
scopaeus currax
poecilus cursorius
amara curta
aleochara curtula
asaphidion curtum
cyanopica cyana
passerina cyanea
trichrysis cyanea
cyanerpes cyaneus
cyanocompsa cyanoides
pygochelidon cyanoleuca
lampona cylindrata
amischa decipiens
dinodes decipiens
agyneta decora
hylophilus decurtatus
pachygnatha degeeri
erigone dendipalpis
drypta dentata
erigone dentipalpis
araneus diadematus
stenolophus difficilis
ophonus diffinis
pterostichus diligens
harpalus dimidiatus
cettia diphone
stenolophus discophorus
nipponoharpalus discrepans
blemus discus
trechus discus
harpalus distinguendus
tribalus distinguendus
aleochara diversa
dives dives
thamnophilus doliatus
agonum dorsale
acupalpus dorsalis
anchomenus dorsalis
platinus dorsalis
diaea dorsata
scissirostrum dubium
agonum duftschmidi
walckenaeria dysderoides
walkenaeria dysderoides
zelotes electus
antistea elegans
emberiza elegans
silometopus elegans
dismodicus elevatus
strumigenys elongata
corvus enca
harpalus eous
thraupis episcopus
upupa epops
amara equestris
eridantes erigonoides
calathus erratus
dysdera erythrina
synallaxis erythrothorax
collocalia esculenta
colocallia esculenta
gynandromorphus etruscus
siagona europaea
amara eurynota
cisticola exilis
loriculus exilis
oxypoda exoleta
tallusia experta
brachinus explodens
tetragnatha extensa
alopecosa fabrilis
jacksonella falconeri
amara famelica
amara familiaris
melanostoma fasciatum
archipatrobus femoralis
dicranoncus femoralis
bembidion femoratum
leistus ferrugineus
nabis ferus
larra festirans
phrurolithus festivus
motacilla flava
vespula flaviceps
xiphorhynchus flavigaster
asaphidion flavipes
empidonax flaviventris
elaenia flavogaster
euryopis flavomaculata
trichoglossus flavoviridis
vireo flavoviridis
empidonax fleavescens
rhyzobius forestieri
calocitta formosa
chrysopa formosa
clivina fossor
metabletus foveatus
syntomus foveatus
foveosa foveolata
glenognatha foxi
micraspis frenata
harpalus froelichii
scymnus frontalis
trypoxylon fronticorne
agonum fuliginosum
rhagonycha fulva
lathrobium fulvipenne
cycloneda fulvipennis
carterus fulvipes
pardosa fulvipes
technomyrmex fulvus
sporophila funerea
atheta fungi
calathus fuscipes
monocephalus fuscipes
apostenus fuscus
oedothorax fuscus
icterus galbula
solenopsis geminata
diachromus germanus
notiophilus germinyi
oedothorax gibbosus
amara gigantea
bembidion gilvipes
vireo gilvus
poecilus gisellae
amara glabrata
carabus glabratus
dyschiriodes globosus
pterostichus globosus
solenopsis globularia
pyramica goblin
agonum gracilipes
bathyphantes gracilis
oodes gracilis
carabus granulatus
acrotona grata
notonomus gravis
zabrus gravis
turdus grayi
aloconota gregaria
sittasomus griseicapillus
harpalus griseus
ophonus griseus
pseudoophonus griseus
paratrechina guatemalensis
icterus gularis
pyramica gundlachi
bembidion guttula
meioneta habra
oxypoda haemorrhoa
calathus halensis
dolichus halensis
pterostichus haptoderoides
ocys harpalo
hypoponera harpax
pachycondyla harpax
culicicapa helianthea
oodes helopioides
micrargus herbigradus
erigonella hiemalis
arachnura higginsii
crematogaster hirsuta
euphonia hirundinacea
parophonus hispanus
harpalus honestus
carabus hortensis
pardosa hortensis
cerceris hortivaga
araeoncus humilis
procryptocerus hyleus
ficedula hyperythra
tachyporus hypnorum
coccinellidae imago
syrphidae imago
camptostoma imberbe
brachinus immaculicornis
demetrias imperialis
pachycondyla impressa
theridion impressum
coelophora inaequalis
rabigus inconstans
sphaerophoria indiana
chalcophaps indica
pheidole indistincta
eurocoelotes inermis
collinsia inerrans
milleriana inerrans
oligota inflata
amara ingenua
pardosa injucunda
chlaenius inops
neobisnius inornatus
anotylus insecatus
tapinocyba insecta
orius insidiosus
eggreta intermedia
anisodactylus intermedius
acupalpus interstitialis
philochthus iricolor
amaurornis isabellinus
volatinia jacarina
propylea japonica
ancistrocerus japonicus
nectarinia jugularis
pocadicnemis juncea
pocadicnemus juncea
harpalus jureceki
nabis kinbergii
dendrocopos kizuki
xysticus kochi
trypoxylon koma
atheta koreana
carabus koreanus
vespula koreensis
robertus kuehnae
poecilus kugelanni
amara kulti
badister lacertosus
euthlypis lachrymosa
geoscaptus laevissimus
philonthus laminatus
bembidion lampros
metallina lampros
spizaetus lanceolatus
xysticus lanio
tangara larvata
odontomachus laticeps
ophonus laticollis
diplocephalus latifrons
bembidion latinum
tiphia latistriata
pirata latitans
zelotes latreillei
harpalus latus
arctosa leopardus
harpactea lepida
pterostichus lepidius
mycetoporus lepidus
poecilus lepidus
centromerus leruthi
piranga leucoptera
coraci leucopygia
lalage leucopygialis
artamus leucorhynchus
henicorhina leucosticta
hylocharis leucotis
campylomma liebknechti
dromius linearis
xantholinus linearis
pachycondyla lineaticeps
stemonyphantes lineatus
rhytisternus liopluerus
pachygnatha listeri
amara littoralis
calomera littoralis
amar littorea
rhyzobius litura
nehemitrophia lividipennis
robertus lividus
pterostichus longicollis
erigone longipalpis
hemiprocne longipennis
heliomaster longirostris
phaethornis longirostris
limodromus longiventris
strumigenys lousiane
geocoris lubra
geocoris lubrus
promecoderus lucidicollis
microlestes luctuosus
piranga ludoviciana
agonum lugens
pardosa lugubris
callistus lunatus
philocthus lunatus
amara lunicollis
bembidion lunulatum
zelus luridus
harpalus luteicornis
drassyllus lutetianus
zelotes lutetianus
pterostichus macer
atheta macrocera
corvus macrorhynchos
coleomegilla maculata
parophonus maculicornis
thryothorus maculipectus
calosoma maderae
pterostichus madidus
coccinella magnifica
dendroica magnolia
setophaga magnolia
dendrocopos major
parus major
amara majuscula
orius majusculus
lonchura malacca
antreptes malacensis
metius malachitichus
tiphia malayana
pyramica margaritae
agonum marginatum
harpalus marginellus
tachinus marginellus
microlestes maurus
tetragnatha maxillosa
saltator maximus
odontomachus meinerti
pterostichus melanarius
calathus melanocephalus
medon melanocephalus
ptilinopus melanospila
melanostoma mellinum
florisuga mellivora
sphaerophoria menthastri
acupalpus meridianus
badister meridionalis
chlaenius micans
pterostichus microcephalus
porrhomma microphthalmum
calathus micropterus
trechoblemus micros
trechus micros
xerolycosa miniata
myioborus miniatus
empidonax minimus
aplonis minor
pterostichus minor
microlestes minutulus
orius minutus
pisaura mirabilis
himacerus mirmicoides
cantorchilus modestus
harpalus modestus
thryothorus modestus
agonum moestum
lonchura molucca
falco moluccensis
momotus momota
carabus monilis
notoxus monoceros
walckenaeria monoceros
passer montanus
pardosa monticola
amara montivaga
coraci morio
tinotus morion
agonum muelleri
cycloneda munda
amara municipalis
ontholestes murinus
pardosa naevia
cermatulus nasalis
troxochrus nasutus
hahnia nava
robertus neglectus
carabus nemoralis
xerolycosa nemoralis
anisodactylus nemorivagus
dicaeum nerhkorni
amblystomus niger
pterostichus niger
lithocharis nigriceps
tachinus nigriceps
bembidion nigricorne
chlaeniellus nigricornis
pterostichus nigrita
amischa nigrofusca
crematogaster nigropilosa
agonum nigrum
dicymbium nigrum
hister niloticus
euodynerus nipanicus
chrysoperla nipponensis
carabus nitens
eupeodes nitens
ocypus nitens
amara nitida
poecilus nitidicollis
hypoponera nitidula
pristosia nitidula
chlaeniellus nitidulus
buteo nitidus
synuchus nivalis
diomus notescens
parkesia noveboracensis
walckenaeria nudipalpis
walkenaeria nudipalpis
philonthus numata
acrotona obfuscata
bembidion obliquum
porrhomma oblitum
harpalus oblitus
pterostichus oblongopunctatus
syntomus obscuroguttatus
agonum obscurum
callicerus obscurus
oxypselaphus obscurus
walckenaeria obtusa
bembidion obtusum
pheidole obtusus
pheropsophus obtusus
pheucticus obtusus
pheugopedius obtusus
philhygra obtusus
philochthus obtusus
tachyporus obtusus
trechus obtusus
automolus ochrolaemus
harmonia octomaculata
chrysopa oculata
philonthus ohizumi
mionectes oleagineus
eurydema oleracea
tiaris olivaceus
vireo olivaceus
cyphomyrmex opaca
platystethus operosus
phalangium opilio
araniella opistographa
atheta orbata
synuchus orbicollis
tiphia ordinaria
chlaenius oreatus
acrocephalus orientalis
streptopelia orientalis
merops ortus
trichoglossus ortus
abax ovalis
amara ovata
pterostichus ovoideus
asthenargus paganus
chrysopa pallen
taylorilygus pallidulus
turdus pallidus
asaphidion pallipes
chlaenius pallipes
pardosa paludicola
notiophilus palustris
pardosa palustris
parus palustris
pelecopsis parallela
abax parallelepipedus
paederus parallelus
hippodamia parenthesis
afromynoglenes parkeri
acupalpus parvulus
bathyphantes parvulus
ramphocelus passerinii
harpalus pastor
eumyias payensis
icterus pectoralis
harpalus pennsylvanicus
dendroica pensylvanica
setophaga pensylvanica
oreothlypis peregrina
vermivora peregrina
contopus pertinax
dendroica petechia
setophaga petechia
steatoda phalerata
geothlypis philadelphia
vireo philadelphicus
sphaerophoria philanthus
pica pica
solenopsis picea
molops piceus
diplocephalus picinus
acinopus picipes
zyras pictus
harpalus pigmaeus
loricera pilicornis
pirata piraticus
megarhynchus pitangua
pristhesancus plagipennis
polyborus plancus
amara plebeja
thryothorus pleurostictus
polioptila plumbea
geothlypis poliocephala
cuculus poliocephalus
dyschiriodes politus
harpalus politus
pachyramphus polychopterus
tiphia popilliavora
chlaenius posticalis
tapinocyba praecox
tetragnatha praedonia
drassyllus praeficus
pardosa prativaga
anthracothorax prevostii
antrathocorax prevostii
triglyphus primus
hyperaspis proba
bembidion properans
metallina properans
stenolophus propinquus
icterus prosthemelas
pristosia proxima
nabis pseudoferus
venatrix pseudospeciosa
brachinus psophia
micaria pulicaria
pardosa pullata
alopecosa pulverulenta
stomis pumicatus
pocadicnemus pumila
harpalus pumilus
platythyrea punctata
anisodactylus punctatipennis
licinus punctatulus
nabis punctatus
ophonus puncticeps
lonchura punctulata
ninox punctulata
poecilus punctulatus
poecilus purpurascens
ardea purpurea
cardellina pusilla
hahnia pusilla
microlinyphia pusilla
wilsonia pusilla
drassyllus pusillus
notiophilus pusillus
temnostethus pusillus
zelotes pusillus
porrhomma pygmaeum
lionychus quadrillum
bembidion quadrimaculatum
brachiacantha quadripunctata
harpalus quadripunctatus
notiophilus quadripunctatus
trechus quadristriatis
trechus quadristriatus
propylea quatuordecimpunctata
coccinula quatuordecimpustulata
ocys quinquestriatus
clubiona reclusa
oedothorax retusus
silometopus reussi
achaearanea riparia
elaphrus riparius
omalium rivulare
leptorhoptum robustum
carterus rotundicollis
deraeocoris ruber
piculus rubiginosus
piranga rubra
harpalus rubripes
sphaerophoria ruepelli
thryothorus rufalbus
metophonus rufibarbis
ophonus rufibarbis
vermivora ruficapilla
basileuterus rufifrons
cyornis rufigastra
dyschiriodes rufipes
harpalus rufipes
notiophilus rufipes
pentatoma rufipes
pseudoophonus rufipes
tachinus rufipes
tiphia rufomandibutata
philodromus rufus
platyderus rufus
tachyphonus rufus
mesus rugatifrons
anotylus rugosus
nabis rugosus
meioneta rurestris
trochosa ruricola
chrysococcyx russatus
hirundo rustica
setophaga ruticilla
ophonus sabulicola
ammophila sabulosa
nebria salina
pardosa saltans
saldula saltatoria
pheidole samonsi
halcyon sancta
cycloneda sanguinea
ramphocelus sanguinolentus
cuculus saturatus
troxochrus scabriculus
calosoma schayeri
carabus scheidleri
oechalia schellenbergii
photinus scintillans
brachinus sclopeta
bembidion scopulinum
sphaerophoria scripta
anotylus sculpturatus
pterostichus scurra
epaphius secalis
trechus secalis
tityra semifasciata
dyschiriodes semistriatus
coccinella septempunctata
cacomantis sepulcralis
stelgidopteryx serripennis
harpalus serripes
adelphocoris seticornis
agonum sexpunctatum
vespula shidai
philorhizus sigma
mallada signata
harpalus signaticornis
semiophonus signaticornis
anisodactylus signatus
deraeocoris signatus
mallada signatus
haplodrassus signifer
tegenaria silvestris
amara similata
myiozetetes similis
ozyptila simplex
pseudomyrmex simplex
harpalus sinensis
carduelis sinica
harpalus sinicus
amara sinuaticollis
aethopyga siparaja
antreptes siparaja
stenolophus skrimshiranus
carabus smaragdinus
harpalus smaragdinus
polistes snelleni
badister sodalis
vireo solitarius
lepidocolaptes souleyetti
cuculatus sparverioides
ardeola speciosa
algon sphaericollis
hyperapis sphaeridioides
zora spinimana
trochosa spinipalpis
nysson spinosus
amara spreta
icterus spurius
tiphia stenocarinata
asaphidion stierlini
pachycondyla stigma
loriculus stigmatus
pterostichus strennus
pterostichus strenuus
liocranoeca striata
tetragnatha striata
gnamptogenys striatula
gnamptogenys strigata
phaethornis striigularis
pyramica subedentata
argenna subnigra
ilyobates subopacus
pterostichus subovatus
ophonus subquadratus
zelotes subterraneus
panamomops sulcifrons
crotophaga sulcirostris
pterostichus sulcitarsis
pachycephala sulfuriventer
pitangus sulphuratus
gerygone sulphurea
tolmomyias sulphurescens
sphaerophoria sulphuripes
crematogaster sumichrasti
ptilinopus superbus
turnix suscitator
calosoma sycophanta
hirundo tahitica
columbina talpacoti
harpalus tardus
micromus tasmania
micromus tasmaniae
coraci temminckii
dendrocopos temminckii
calliodis temnostethoides
zabrus tenebrioides
lepthyphantes tenuis
tenuiphantes tenuis
leistus terminatus
coelotes terrestris
solenopsis terricola
trochosa terricola
phyla tethys
anotylus tetracarinatus
bembidion tetracolum
stenolophus teutonus
camponotus textor
rhipidura teysmannii
enoplognatha thoracica
dyschirius thoracicus
agonum thoreyi
lanius tigrinus
oporornis tolmiei
rogeria tonduzi
histopona torpida
saxicola torquata
gallirallus torquatus
pteroglossus torquatus
sporophila torqueola
syrphus torvus
dendroica townsendi
coccinella transversalis
hippodamia tredecimpunctata
atheta triangulum
amara tricuspidata
harpalus tridens
baryphyma trifrons
eperigone trilobata
syntomus truncatellus
ozyptila trux
myiarchus tuberculifer
carabus tuberculosus
amazilia tzacatl
pirata uliginosus
xysticus ulmi
oxypoda umbrata
haplodrassus umbratilis
drepanotylus uncatus
coccinella undecimpunctata
diabrotica undecimpunctata
walckenaeria unicornis
carebara urichi
brachiacantha ursina
harpalus ussuriensis
catharus ustulatus
calosoma vagans
tiso vagans
collocalia vanikorensis
mniotilta varia
theridion varians
hippodamia variegata
chlaenius variicornis
philonthus varius
aleochara verna
pterostichus vernalis
leptotila verreauxi
poecilus versicolor
pterostichus versicolor
ortalis vetula
agonum viduum
walckenaeria vigilax
psyllobora vigintimaculata
zimmerius vilissimus
zimmerius villissimus
carabus violaceus
trogon violaceus
dendroica virens
icteria virens
empidonax virescens
diabrotica virgifera
myiopagis viridicata
tetragonoderes viridis
synuchus vivalis
gongylidiellum vivum
anystis wallacei
parasitic wasp
lepthyphantes whymperi
solenopsis zeny
solenopsis zeteki
tenuiphantes zimmermanni
campylorhynchus zonatus
abax
acropyga
acrotona
adelomyrmex
aeolothrips
agonum
agyneta
aleochara
allograpta
aloconota
amara
amischa
anisostichus
anochetus
anotylus
apterostigma
araneae
arctosa
atheta
azteca
badister
bembidion
brachinus
brachymyrmex
bradycellus
brevilabus
cambalida
camponotus
cardiocondyla
carpelimus
cerapachys
ceratinopsis
chalcosyrphus
chlaenius
chrysoperla
chrysopidae
coccinella
coccinellidae
condylostylus
coranus
corticaria
crematogaster
cydrela
cyphomyrmex
deroceras
dieches
diomus
discothyrea
dusmadiores
dysdera
ectatomma
eristalis
euconnus
eumeninae
formicidae
geocoris
gnamptogenys
graptartia
hahnia
harpalus
hippodamia
hister
hypoponera
incagonum
katanga
labidura
lachnomyrmex
larvae
lathrobium
lebiinus
leistus
leptogenys
letheaus
lygaeidae
medon
meioneta
melanostoma
metaleptyphantes
misumenops
monomorium
mycetosoritis
mynogleninae
myrmiocrypta
nabis
nehemitropia
neuroptera
octostruma
ocypus
oedothorax
ogmopleura
oligomyrmex
oligota
ophonus
orius
orthomus
oxybelus
oxyopes
oxypoda
oxypodini
pachycondyla
pachygnatha
pachymorphus
paederus
pardosa
pelecopsis
pemphredon
philonthus
phytocoris
picidae
plagiognathus
platynini
podisus
pompilidae
pompilinae
pristonychus
proceratium
pterostichini
pterostichus
pyramica
quedius
rhinocoris
rhopalothrix
rodolia
scantius
scopaeus
scymnus
sericomyrmex
simodontus
solenopsis
sphaerophoria
sphaerotachys
sphecidae
staphylinidae
staphylinus
stenolophus
stenus
stethorus
stilichus
strumigenys
syrphidae
syrphus
tachyini
tapinoma
tatuidrus
technomyrmex
tetragnatha
theridiidae
tiphia
tiphiidae
tiphiinae
toxomerus
trachymyrmex
trechus
trochosa
turdus
xantholinus
ziras