helicoverpa zea
leucoptera coffeella
oulema
petrusa epilepsis
scaptomyza flava
aceria oleae
acrosternum hilare
acyrthosiphon kondoi
adelphocoris lineolatus
amrasca terraereginae
anthonomus signatus
aonidiella aurantii
aphididae
aphis fabae
aphodius tasmaniae
austroasca
austroasca viridigrisea
bagrada hilaris
bemisia tabaci
calamobius filum
calepitrimerus vitis
campylomma liebknechti
capitophorus elaeagni
carpophilus
cerotoma trifurcata
chaetocnema
cicadellidae
creontiades pacificus
curculionidae
deraeocoris
diabrotica undecimpunctata
diabrotica
earias insulana
empoasca fabae
estigmene acrea
eucarazzia elegans
euphyllura olivina
euschistus
eutetranychus banksi
forficula auricularia
frankliniella occidentalis
frankliniella schultzei
frankliniella
habrochila ghesquierei
halticus bractatus
helicoverpa
hyadaphis foeniculi
hyperomyzus lactucae
lepidoptera
leucoptera meyricki
lipaphis erysimi
liriomyza
myodocha
mythimna loreyi
myzus persicae
nezara viridula
nysius vinitor
oulema
panonychus citri
parabemisia myricae
paria fragariae
pectinophora gossypiella
pieris brassicae
piezodorus
planococcus citri
popillia japonica
pterohelaeus
rhabdopterus jansoni
rhizoglyphus
rhopalosiphum maidis
sipha maydis
solenopsis saevissima
spodoptera exigua
spodoptera littoralis
stelidota geminata
systena frontalis
tetranychus urticae
thrips tabaci
trichoplusia ni
uroleucon ambrosiae
lygus
cephus cinctus
ceratitis capitata
coccus viridis
deudorix livia
