acyrthosiphon pisum
aphis craccivora
delia radicum
helicoverpa armigera
hypothenemus hampei
lygus lineolaris
macrosiphum euphorbiae
meligethes aeneus
ostrinia nubilalis
oulema melanopus
plutella xylostella
rhopalosiphum padi
sitobion avenae
stenotus rubrovittatus
therioaphis trifolii
brevicoryne brassicae
leptinotarsa decemlineata
aphis glycines
bactrocera oleae
prays oleae
hypera postica
helopeltis sulawesi
abax ovalis
abax parallelepipedus
acalymma vittatum
acrotona obfuscata
acupalpus meridianus
acupalpus parvulus
adalia bipunctata
adelphocoris lineolatus
adelphocoris seticornis
agonum duftschmidi
agonum lugens
agonum muelleri
agonum nigrum
agonum sexpunctatum
agonum viduum
agyneta decora
aleochara bilineata
aleochara bipustulata
aleochara brevipennis
aleochara curtula
alloxysta victrix
aloconota gregaria
alopecosa cuneata
alopecosa fabrilis
alopecosa pulverulenta
amara aenea
amara apricaria
amara aulica
amara bifrons
amara communis
amara convexior
amara curta
amara equestris
amara eurynota
amara famelica
amara familiaris
amara ingenua
amara kulti
amara lunicollis
amara majuscula
amara montivaga
amara ovata
amara plebeja
amara similata
amara tricuspidata
amblystomus niger
amischa analis
amischa decipiens
amischa nigrofusca
anchomenus dorsalis
ancistrocerus antilope
ancistrocerus claripennis
ancistrocerus gazella
ancistrocerus nigricornis
ancistrocerus parietum
anisodactylus binotatus
anisodactylus nemorivagus
anisodactylus signatus
anotylus insecatus
anotylus rugosus
anotylus sculpturatus
anotylus tetracarinatus
anthobium atrocephalum
antistea elegans
aphidius avenae
aphidius ervi
aphidius rhopalosiphi
aphidius uzbekistanicus
aphidoletes aphidimyza
aphodius tasmaniae
apostenus fuscus
araeoncus humilis
araneus diadematus
arctosa leopardus
argenna subnigra
asaphes suspensus
asaphidion flavipes
asaphidion stierlini
asthenargus paganus
atheta celata
atheta crassicornis
atheta fungi
atheta macrocera
atheta orbata
atheta triangulum
aulonia albimana
auplopus carbonarius
badister bullatus
badister lacertosus
badister meridionalis
badister sodalis
baryphyma trifrons
bathyphantes gracilis
bathyphantes parvulus
bembidion aeneum
bembidion biguttatum
bembidion gilvipes
bembidion guttula
bembidion lampros
bembidion latinum
bembidion lunulatum
bembidion obliquum
bembidion obtusum
bembidion properans
bembidion quadrimaculatum
bembidion tetracolum
blemus discus
bolitobius cingulatus
brachinus crepitans
brachinus explodens
brachinus psophia
brachinus sclopeta
busseola fusca
cacoxenus indagator
calathus ambiguus
calathus cinctus
calathus erratus
calathus fuscipes
calathus melanocephalus
calathus micropterus
callicerus obscurus
callistus lunatus
carabus auratus
carabus auronitens
carabus cancellatus
carabus convexus
carabus coriaceus
carabus glabratus
carabus granulatus
carabus monilis
carabus nemoralis
carabus violaceus
carebara urichi
carpelimus corticinus
centromerita bicolor
centromerus leruthi
ceratinella brevipes
ceratinella brevis
chaenotetrastichus grangeri
chaenotetrastichus semiflavus
chrysis angustula
chrysis cyanea
chrysis ignita
chrysis indigotea
chrysoperla carnea
cicindela campestris
cicurina cicur
clivina collaris
clivina fossor
closterotomus biclacatus
clubiona reclusa
coccinella magnifica
coccinella septempunctata
coccinella undecimpunctata
coccinula quatuordecimpustulata
coelotes terrestris
collinsia inerrans
copitarsia consueta
copitarsia turbata
crematogaster sumichrasti
creonitades dilutus
creontiades dilutus
cryptoblabes gnidiella
cycloneda sanguinea
demetrias atricapillus
dendrocerus carpenteri
deraeocoris ruber
diabrotica barberi
diabrotica virgifera
diachromus germanus
diaea dorsata
dicymbium nigrum
dinaraea angustula
diplocephalus cristatus
diplocephalus latifrons
diplocephalus picinus
diplostyla concolor
dipogon subintermedius
discoelius zonalis
dismodicus elevatus
dolichus halensis
dolycoris baccarum
drassyllus lutetianus
drassyllus praeficus
drassyllus pusillus
drepanotylus uncatus
drusilla canaliculata
drypta dentata
dysdera erythrina
enoplognatha thoracica
episyrphus balteatus
erigone atra
erigone dentipalpis
erigone longipalpis
erigonella hiemalis
eriopis connexa
eupeodes corollae
eupeodes nitens
eupoecilia ambiguella
eurydema oleracea
euryopis flavomaculata
eurytoma amygdali
forficula auricularia
gnamptogenys striatula
gongylidiellum vivum
gyrohypnus angustatus
hahnia nava
hahnia pusilla
haplodrassus signifer
haplodrassus umbratilis
harmonia axyridis
harpactea lepida
harpalus affinis
harpalus anxius
harpalus atratus
harpalus cupreus
harpalus dimidiatus
harpalus distinguendus
harpalus griseus
harpalus latus
harpalus luteicornis
harpalus marginellus
harpalus modestus
harpalus politus
harpalus pumilus
harpalus rubripes
harpalus rufipes
harpalus serripes
harpalus signaticornis
harpalus smaragdinus
harpalus tardus
himacerus apterus
himacerus mirmicoides
hippodamia convergens
hippodamia tredecimpunctata
hippodamia variegata
histopona torpida
ilyobates subopacus
jacksonella falconeri
labidus coecus
larinioides cornutus
lathrobium fulvipenne
leistus ferrugineus
liocranoeca striata
liriomyza huidobrensis
liriomyza sativae
lobesia botrana
loricera pilicornis
lygus hesperus
mangora acalypha
megatoma undata
meioneta affinis
meioneta rurestris
melanostoma mellinum
melittobia acasta
mesus rugatifrons
metopolophium dirhodum
micaria pulicaria
micrargus herbigradus
microlestes maurus
microlestes minutulus
microlinyphia pusilla
molops piceus
monocephalus fuscipes
mycetoporus bimaculatus
mycetoporus lepidus
myzus cerasi
nabis brevis
nabis ferus
nabis pseudoferus
nabis punctatus
nabis rugosus
nasonovia ribisnigri
nebria brevicollis
nebria salina
neoscona adianta
notiophilus aestuans
notiophilus aquaticus
notiophilus biguttatus
notiophilus germinyi
notiophilus palustris
notiophilus quadripunctatus
notiophilus rufipes
notoxus monoceros
ocypus nitens
odontomachus meinerti
oedothorax agrestis
oedothorax apicatus
oedothorax fuscus
oedothorax gibbosus
oedothorax retusus
oligota inflata
omalium rivulare
ontholestes murinus
oodes helopioides
ophiomyia simplex
ophonus ardosiacus
ophonus azureus
ophonus diffinis
ophonus laticollis
ophonus puncticeps
ophonus rufibarbis
orius insidiosus
orius majusculus
orius minutus
oxypoda brachyptera
oxypoda exoleta
oxypoda haemorrhoa
oxypoda umbrata
oxypselaphus obscurus
ozyptila simplex
ozyptila trux
pachycondyla harpax
pachycondyla impressa
pachycondyla stigma
pachygnatha clercki
pachygnatha degeeri
pachygnatha listeri
panamomops sulcifrons
pardosa agrestis
pardosa agricola
pardosa amentata
pardosa fulvipes
pardosa hortensis
pardosa lugubris
pardosa paludicola
pardosa palustris
pardosa prativaga
pardosa pullata
pardosa saltans
parophonus maculicornis
passaloecus corniger
passaloecus eremita
passaloecus insignis
patrobus atrorufus
pelecopsis parallela
pemphredon baltica
pemphredon inornata
pemphredon lugubris
pemphredon rugifera
pentatoma rufipes
phalangium opilio
philodromus rufus
philonthus cognatus
philonthus laminatus
phrurolithus festivus
pieris brassicae
pirata piraticus
pisaura mirabilis
plagiognathus arbustorum
plataraea brunnea
platynus assimilis
pocadicnemis juncea
poecilus cupreus
poecilus kugelanni
poecilus lepidus
poecilus punctulatus
poecilus versicolor
porrhomma convexum
porrhomma microphthalmum
porrhomma oblitum
porrhomma pygmaeum
propylea quatuordecimpunctata
psenulus concolor
psenulus pallipes
pseudomyrmex simplex
pterostichus anthracinus
pterostichus aterrimus
pterostichus macer
pterostichus madidus
pterostichus melanarius
pterostichus niger
pterostichus nigrita
pterostichus oblongopunctatus
pterostichus ovoideus
pterostichus strenuus
pterostichus vernalis
rhagoletis cerasi
rhagonycha fulva
rhyzobius litura
robertus arundineti
robertus kuehnae
robertus lividus
robertus neglectus
saldula saltatoria
sapyga clavicornis
scymnus frontalis
silometopus elegans
silometopus reussi
sintula corniger
solenopsis picea
solenopsis terricola
sphaerophoria scripta
stemonyphantes lineatus
stenolophus skrimshiranus
stenolophus teutonus
stenus clavicornis
stigmus solskyi
stomis pumicatus
strumigenys elongata
symmorphus bifasciatus
symmorphus debilitatus
syntomus foveatus
syntomus obscuroguttatus
syntomus truncatellus
synuchus vivalis
syrphus torvus
tachinus marginellus
tachyporus chrysomelinus
tachyporus hypnorum
tachyporus obtusus
tallusia experta
tapinocyba insecta
tapinocyba praecox
technomyrmex albipes
tecia solanivora
tegenaria silvestris
temnostethus pusillus
tenuiphantes tenuis
tenuiphantes zimmermanni
tetragnatha extensa
tetragnatha striata
thaumatotibia leucotreta
theridion varians
thyreosthenius biovatus
tinotus morion
tiso vagans
trechoblemus micros
trechus obtusus
trechus quadristriatus
trechus secalis
trialeurodes vaporariorum
trichrysis cyanea
trigonotylus caelestialium
trochosa ruricola
trochosa terricola
troxochrus scabriculus
trypoxylon clavicerum
trypoxylon figulus
trypoxylon minus
walckenaeria acuminata
walckenaeria antica
walckenaeria atrotibialis
walckenaeria corniculans
walckenaeria dysderoides
walckenaeria monoceros
walckenaeria nudipalpis
walckenaeria obtusa
walckenaeria unicornis
walckenaeria vigilax
wasmannia auropunctata
xantholinus audrasi
xantholinus linearis
xerolycosa miniata
xerolycosa nemoralis
xysticus audax
xysticus cristatus
xysticus kochi
xysticus lanio
xysticus ulmi
zabrus tenebrioides
zelotes electus
zelotes latreillei
zelotes subterraneus
